elasticsearch-saml-metadata: add page (#17467)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/elasticsearch-saml-metadata.md

# elasticsearch-saml-metadata

> Generate SAML Service Provider metadata for configuring a SAML Identity Provider.
> More information: <https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/saml-metadata.html>.

> - Generate SAML metadata for a specific realm and print it to standard output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate SAML metadata for a specific realm and print it to `stdout`:
```
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#special-cases
